# Password Locker.

## Author

[**Felix kibet kurgat**](https://github.com/kurgatfelo)

## Description
This is a simple python application that stores user's accounts credentials. It only runs on the terminal. The user creates an account with the app and start saving their credentials for various platforms they are signed in to. The app generates password for a user if the choose to of manually input their preffered password.

* The program veriry users to make sure they have an account with Password Locker before starting to store the credentials.
* The program uses two classes:- User class basically for creating user's account to password locker and Credentials class for creating credentials objects.
* Both classes have a test class that ensure all functions and methods are working as expected.
* The program employs docstrings to document methods and functions.


## Technologies Used

* Python 3.8

## Requirements

* This program requires python3.+ installed in your computer.

## Setup/Installation

To user this simple python a application, first make sure you have met the recquirement provided above.
Then follow the following 2 steps:
* **1** : Clone this repository using **`git clone https://github.com/kurgatfelo/PASSWORD-LOCKER.git`**, or downloading a ZIP file of the code. If you decide  to download it as a .zip file, you will have to extract files to your preferred location.
* **2** : Open the terminal, go to the project directory and run the following commands: **`chmod +x run.py`** and **`./run.py`** each one at a time to launch the program.

## User Stories

* A user creates a password locker account with their details, a username and password.
* A user can store their already existing account credentials in the application.
* A user can create new account credentials in the application.
* A user has the option of entering their preffered password for the new credential account and choose to have the password generated by the app.
* A user can view all account credentials in the application
* A user can delete credentials account that he/she no longer needs in the application.

## User Operations Short-Codes

* Abbreviations:
    * **ca**: To create account credentials.
    * **da**: To displays saved credentials.
    * **fa**: To find a specific credential details.
    * **dl**: To delete a specific credential details.
    * **ex**: To exit/log out user out of password locker account.

## Known Bugs

* No known bugs. Please contact me if you experience any.

## Support and Contact Details

* You can sent me a feedback or reach me incase of any issues/ bugs through the this email address:
 kurgatfelo@gmail.com

## License

Copyright © 2021  [Felix kibet kurgat](https://github.com/kurgatfelo)